<<<<<<< HEAD
__Identify Fraud from Enron Email__

Udacity Data Analyst Nanodegree Project on Machine Learning

__Project Overview__

In 2000, Enron, an energy company based in Houston, was one of the largest companies in the United States. By 2002, it had collapsed into bankruptcy due to corporate fraud. During the resulting federal investigation, tens of thousands of emails and detailed financial data for top executives entered into the public record. In this project, I am building a person of interest identifier based on financial and email data made public as a result of the Enron scandal. 

__Summary of Results__

Gaussian Naive Bayes algorithm had the best performance out of the algorithms I tested ((Support Vector Machine Classifier, K Neighbors Classifier). The accuracy, precision and recall values with Naive Bayes were:

Accuracy: 0.842
Precision: 0.392
Recall: 0.339

poi_id.py: Code for selecting the features and tuning the algorithm parameters.

mytester.py: Code uses the three pickle files generated by poi_id.py and can be used to test the result.

my_dataset.pkl, my_classifier.pkl, my_feature_list.pkl: The poi_id.py code will create the three pickle files





=======
# Identify Fraud from Enron Email

Project Overview
In 2000, Enron was one of the largest companies in the United States. By 2002, it had collapsed into bankruptcy due to widespread corporate fraud. In the resulting Federal investigation, a significant amount of typically confidential information entered into the public record, including tens of thousands of emails and detailed financial data for top executives. In this project, I am building a person of interest identifier based on financial and email data made public as a result of the Enron scandal. 
>>>>>>> 3393944ffcba39f9a5d79c8d6d46ff4d3015cfbb
